I am gentlemen I am an artist of
the red devils appeal to us
challenged to make 50,000 drawings
and we are taking up that challenge today
we are going to demonstrate here today
how to draw a red devil
makes it possible to work
clock look that will be a red devil
to be
the legs are very important why
we are not just going to head with one
put the legs look at this
red devil need your hands and look
what a big old no look at the
ongoing that I have a few every day
show you how you can see me and me
we do way green is a bit
too dark for the grass and money
so just mix and look and then have it
the color we need for the
find child's decoration together with the driver
then a little reactors
it as the keeper of the liver game quite
like to win old hands and good
the sun was the arms that they have not
needed commode because to tires
you have to get through much better every time
the devil's 6pm and not just the boys
to the forms of red devils
no put in italy so pretty happy that
she had wanted
ok boys and girls you see we are
here is just a people of football
we are also artists
well done